[Music]
This is Fieldsports Channel News.
Grouse shooting is to feature in the Christmas
special of Downton Abbey. Alnwick Castle is
renamed Brancaster Castle for the programe
and the filming of the shoot took place there
in July and August 2014. Fans of the series
will want to know that Rose’s father-in-law,
Lord Sinderby, has rented out Brancaster and
invited the Crawley family to a shooting party.
A game meat initiative in Denmark has captured
the public imagination. Called Jægernes julehjælp
and set up by Danish hunter Kasper Svenningsen
and his girlfriend Camilla Nielsen, it supplies
game meat to the needy. There are now 3,400
members of the group.
The trade in tigers and other wild cat parts
is on the increase. A new study reports there
is a surge mainly in Mong La, a Burmese town
bordering China. It says the number of shops
selling such products has trebled in the past
eight years. Tiger parts were found in 80
per cent of the surveys, representing at least
200 tigers. The most common parts were from
clouded leopards, which number fewer than
500 in the world.
Daily Mail royal editor and sometime friend
of Princess Diana, Richard Kay, has had a
pop at the Princes for their love of shooting
sports. In an article headlined 'Slaughter
by Royal Appointment', he writes about the
apparent mismatch between Prince William's
campaign to save endangered species and his
and his brother's love of big game hunting.
Kay illustrates the article with pictures
of the princes’ ancestors shooting big game,
including King George V shooting tigers on
a trip to India in 1911.
The American Kennel Club has added a new hunting
breed. The Sicilian rabbit-hunting (wait for
it!) Cirneco dell'Etna joins the Spanish water
dog, an Italian sheepdog called a Bermanasco
and a South African watchdog called a Boerboel,
which will become recognized breeds on 1st
January 2015.
And finally, do you want to use up those old
shotgun cartridges? Women's Outdoor News has
brought out a recipe for how to make a lighted
shotshell wreath. Its correspondent Barbara
Baird used a strand of 100 clear lights, 100
empty coloured shotshells and a green wreath.
Included in the recipe is one bottle Chardonnay.
You are now up to date with Fieldsports Channel
News.
Stalking the stories - fishing for facts!
[Music]